SOLR-17006: Persist user-defined core properties (#1973)
apache/solr: solr/CHANGES.txt

---------------------
* SOLR-14496: Solr CLI commands now can interact with a Solr secured using Basic Authentication.  (Eric Pugh)

> * SOLR-17006: User-defined core properties are persisted (Vincent Primault)

Author: Add this in 9.5.0 (hoping this can be backported if deemed worthwhile and innocuous enough).

> * SOLR-17006: User-defined core properties are persisted (Vincent Primault)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SOLR-17006: Collection creation & adding replicas: User-defined properties are persisted to state.json and
  applied to new replicas, available for use as property substitution in configuration files.  (Vincent Primault)
```
